[docs] Document workflows Testflight pre-packaged job with non-fastlane approach (#47185)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/pre-packaged-jobs.mdx

Distribute iOS builds to TestFlight internal and external testing groups. This is an alternative to the iOS submit job for when you need more advanced TestFlight features. If you need to control test groups, changelog, or Beta App Review submission, use the `testflight` job instead of submit.

> The job supports two approaches. With `build_id`, you upload an EAS iOS build and distribute it to TestFlight. With `asc_build_id`, you operate on a build that is already in App Store Connect and handle TestFlight beta distribution — adding the build to groups, setting "What to Test" notes, and submitting for Beta App Review. Provide exactly one of `build_id` or `asc_build_id`.

Reviewer: **suggestion (style): avoid em dashes**

The [Documentation Writing Style Guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md) prefers separate sentences over em dashes when splitting a complex thought. Split this into two sentences:

```suggestion
The job supports two approaches. With `build_id`, you upload an EAS iOS build and distribute it to TestFlight. With `asc_build_id`, you operate on a build that is already in App Store Connect and handle TestFlight beta distribution. This adds the build to groups, sets "What to Test" notes, and submits for Beta App Review. Provide exactly one of `build_id` or `asc_build_id`.
```

| external_groups    | string[] | Optional. An array of TestFlight external group names to add the build to.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| changelog          | string   | Optional. Test notes ("What to Test") for TestFlight testers.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| submit_beta_review | boolean  | Optional. Whether to submit for Beta App Review. If not specified, defaults to `true` when `external_groups` are provided, `false` otherwise. Set to `false` to update the changelog or groups on an already-submitted build without re-submitting for Beta App Review. |

### Fastlane approach

> Upload an EAS iOS build to App Store Connect and distribute it to TestFlight using fastlane, all in the same workflow job.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it doesnt' make sense to mention Fastlane -- we may move to our own thing soon?

Author: https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/47185/changes/1e7d53b96cd677f2be66588e7f25374d9246143f reworded this to focus on the behavior rather than technical details

</Collapsible>

### Direct App Store Connect approach

> Distribute an already uploaded build to TestFlight groups, set "What to Test" notes, and submit for Beta App Review. Beta App Review submission is optional — set `submit_beta_review: false` to update the changelog or groups on an existing build without re-submitting it for review.

Reviewer: **suggestion (style): avoid em dashes**

Same as the intro paragraph: prefer a sentence break over the em dash (per the [Documentation Writing Style Guide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md)).

```suggestion
Distribute an already uploaded build to TestFlight groups, set "What to Test" notes, and submit for Beta App Review. Beta App Review submission is optional. Set `submit_beta_review: false` to update the changelog or groups on an existing build without re-submitting it for review.
```

<Prerequisites>
  <Requirement title="App Store Connect integration">

>     Configure your App Store Connect connection in [Project settings >

Reviewer: **nit (consistency): dashboard path differs between pages**

This says **Project settings > Connections**, but [get-started.mdx](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/docs/pages/eas/workflows/get-started.mdx) (the "Trigger workflows from App Store Connect events" section) says **Project settings > General > Connections**. The two pages should agree. Use whichever matches the current EAS dashboard and align the other page to match.

`${{ app_store_connect.build_upload.build.id }}` is only available when the workflow is triggered by a `build_upload` event and App Store Connect has associated a build with the upload. `build_upload.state: complete` means the upload finished, not that App Store Connect finished processing the build. When using `external_groups`, complete the required TestFlight test information in App Store Connect first.

```yaml .eas/workflows/testflight-after-asc-upload.yml
name: Distribute to TestFlight after ASC upload

on:
  app_store_connect:
    build_upload:
      states:
        - complete

jobs:
  distribute_to_testflight:
    name: Distribute to TestFlight
    type: testflight
    params:
      asc_build_id: ${{ app_store_connect.build_upload.build.id }}
      internal_groups:
        - QA Team
      external_groups:
        - Public Beta
      changelog: Build from CI

>       submit_beta_review: true

Reviewer 2: this is so awesome
